# Segmentation on Medical mages

1. Which of the following is a segmentation task?
   - Determining which areas of the brain have tumor from an MRI

2. What is the MAIN disadvantage of processing each MRI slice independently using a 2D segmentation model (as mentioned in the lecture)?  
    - You lose some context between slices

3. The U-net consists of...
    - A contracting path followed by an expanding path

4. Which of the following data augmentation is most effective for MRI sequences?  
   - Rotation

5. What is the soft dice loss for the example below?  
   - 0.089

6. Look at the output of model 1 and model 2. Which one will have a lower soft dice loss?
    - Model 1 has a lower loss

7. What is the minimum value of the soft dice loss?  
   - 0

8. An X-ray classification model is developed on data from US hospitals and is later tested on an external dataset from Latin America. Which if the following do you expect?
   - Performance drops on the new dataset 

9. Which of the following is an example of a prospective study?  
    - A model is deployed for 1 year in an emergency room and its performance over that time is evaluated (_It is considered a prospective study because the model is being deployed and its performance is evaluated over a specific period of time, in this case, 1 year. The study is planned and conducted in advance, it also implies that the data used to evaluate the performance of the model has been collected during the 1 year of deployment. Prospective studies generally have better design for cause-effect relationship evaluation and have less bias than retrospective study._)