# Prognostic Models

1. Which of the following is not an example of a clinical application of a prognostic model? 
    - Detecting atrial fibrillation automatically using a EKG 

2. Recall the MELD score from the lesson. What is the output for a person with Creatinine = 0.8 mg/dL, Bilirubin total = 1.5 mg/dL, INR = 1.3 
   - 8.76 (_Evaluating the formula, we get ln(0.8)\*0.957 + ln(1.5)\*0.378 + ln(1.3)\*1.12 + 0.643 = 0.876. Multiplying this by 10 we get 8.76._)

3. You’ve fit a linear model with no interaction terms, and which include Age (in years) as an input feature of the model. Also, you don't multiply the sum product by any scaling number (unlike the MELD score, for instance). The risk score for a patient measured today is 0.56. The model's coefficient for age is 0.24. What will this patient's risk score be one year later, if all other features remain the same? 
    - 0.8 (_It means it will increase by 0.24 for one year increase in age. so the new risk score would be 0.56 + 0.24 = 0.8._)

4. A linear risk model for the risk of heart attack has three inputs: Age, Systolic Blood Pressure (BP), and the interaction term between Age and Systolic Blood Pressure.  The coefficients for Age, BP, and the interaction term are 0.1, 0.3, and 0.5 Can you determine how an increase in blood pressure is affected by an increase in age?
    - As you get older, the same increase in blood pressure leads to a LARGER change in your risk of heart attack.

5. If a feature x has range 0 to ∞, then what is the range of ln(x)? 
   - -∞ to ∞

6. True or False: If a > b, then ln(a) > ln(b). 
   - True

7. Which assignment of risk would make the following pair concordant? 
    - (0.5, 0.83) 

8. What is the C-index for the following set of predictions? 
    - 0.75

9. What is the C-index for a model which always outputs 0.6 for any patient regardless of their health outcome?
    - 0.5 (_In this case, since the model always output 0.6 for any patient, it will not be able to distinguish between high- and low-risk individuals. In this case, all pairs will be considered as ties, because all pairs will have the same predicted risk, no permissible pairs will exist. And because there are no permissible pairs, the denominator in the c-index formula will be 0, and the C-index of the model in this case would be undefined. So, we can say the C-index of a model which always outputs 0.6 for any patient regardless of their health outcome would be "not enough information"._)

10. Model 1 has a c-index of 0.7 and Model 2 has a c-index of 0.6. Which is more accurate using a threshold of 0.5 for the risk score? In other words, if the risk score is 0.5 or higher, predict that the patient will have the disease in the future.  If the risk score is < 0.5, predict that the patient will not have the disease.
    - There is not enough information to say (_When using a threshold of 0.5 for the risk score, it's not enough to just look at the c-index. Other factors such as accuracy, sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive value, negative predictive value, etc. should also be considered when comparing the models._)
