# Week 4

1. Person 1 has hazard $h_1(t)=1$, and Person 2 has hazard $h_2(t)=2$. What is the  probability of dying within the first year for each patient?
   - 0.63, 0.86 (_For Person 1: $S_1(t) = exp(-∫_0^t h_1(t) dt) = exp(-∫_0^t 1 dt) = exp(-t)$. So, the probability of dying within the first year for Person 1 is $1-S_1(1) = 1-exp(-1)$. For Person 2: $S_2(t) = exp(-∫_0^t h_2(t) dt) = exp(-∫_0^t 2 dt) = exp(-2t)$. So, the probability of dying within the first year for Person 2 is 1-S_2(1) = 1-exp(-2))$._)

2. Let T>0.  

    For patient 1, let the survival function be S_1(t) and the hazard function be h_1(t).

    For patient 2, let the survival function be S_2(t) and the hazard function be h_2(t) 

    You see that S_1(T)>S_2(T).   The survival probability of patient 1 at time T is higher than the survival probability of patient 2 at time T.

    Which of the following is true about the hazard of patient 1 and 2 at time T?

    - None of the above 

3. Now assume that the hazards for patient 1, h_1 and for patient 2, h_2 are proportional to each other.  Also assume  that S_1(T)>S_2(T) for some T > 0. Then which of the following is true about the hazards?
   - h_1(T) < h_2(T) 

4. Question 4
   - 0.37 (_$\frac{h_1(t)}{h_2(t)} = \frac{\lambda_0(t)e^{36}}{\lambda_0(t)e^{37}} = 0.37$_)

5. Question 5
   - All other things held equal, being a female decreases your risk 

6. Assume h_1(t) = t, and h_2(t) = 1.0. At which time T > 0 does S_1(T) = S_2(T)?  
   - 2 (_We need to find the time T such that $S_1(T) = S_2(T)$, which is the time T that solves the equation: $exp(-T^2/2) = exp(-T)$_)

7. Using the Nelson-Aalen estimator estimate H(7), the value of the cumulative hazard at t=7 for this dataset.  
   - 7/12

8. Which risk assignments would make this pair concordant? 
   - The pair is not permissible 

9. Compute the Harrell C-index for the following dataset and risk scores: 
    - 0.8
